perf(documentation): Adding missing content to guide.md (#160)
osl-incubator/scicookie: docs/guide.md

you don't want, simply use the left arrow key to deselect it.

The following is a description of the options in the TUI.

## The author of project

With SciCookie, you can easily add information about the author of the
project by filling in the **author_full_name** and **author_email** fields,

> which refer to the name and email address of the person or organisation

Reviewer: @xmnlab Are we going to use British English as the standard or American English? 🤔

Author: Thanks @Anavelyz

Reviewer 2: I personally prefer the American English, do you have any preference?

deploying containerized applications, and can provide a streamlined and
efficient platform for running Python projects.

> In case you do not want to include alguna de estas opciones in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you do not want to include DevOps in your
```
